after full month pregnancy the babies
are born in spring
they're gentle mothers and though they
usually only have one baby
this one has twins families are very
affectionate and stick by each other in
times of need
then these mothers show a very different
side to their personality if there's a
conflict between the groups it's the
females that lead the charge and these
little babies go to the frontline with
them they're going on patrol to protect
their patch and the babies have better
hang on tight there's an air of
solidarity and purpose I follow quietly
their boundaries of clear-cut but the
neighbors have been trespassing the
battle lines are drawn
it gets more and more ferocious and the
babies have to cling on for dear life if
they fall they'll be surrounded by the
enemy who probably won't survive very
few animals gain up like this and go to
war to protect their food but it's
something that we can easily identify
with one final skirmish and the
boundaries are secure it seems to be all
over now and thanks the less foreign
grip none of the babies were hurt they
all managed to escape the battle without
injury and now that the group have
protected their supply of food they can
get on with the business of eating
tucking into their favorite the tamarind
pods
I may have a powerful grape but they can
only close the pods like this and have
to tear them open with their teeth what
they can't do is face their thinking
from which allows us to limit they
things with precision it may not seem
like much but it was a revolutionary
change and one which was to give the
mountains a huge advantage without that
thumb position they could never
fashioning tools as we have done
you